# How to run the UCM Agents for the Geometry Friends game

Here are some useful instructions to run the agents correctly. First of all, decide what agents you are willing to test (circle, rectangle or cooperative).

- If you just want to test the **UCM Physics circle agent**, open the GFUCMCircle folder and look for the executable (wich should be found following the path GFUCMCircle>GeometryFriendsGame>Release>GeometryFriends.exe). You should only try the levels whose name begins with the word 'Circle'.
- If you just want to test the **UCM Physics rectangle agent**, open the GFUCMRectangle folder and look for the executable (wich should be found following the path GFUCMRectangle>GeometryFriendsGame>Release>GeometryFriends.exe). You should only try the levels whose name begins with the word 'Rectangle'.
- If you just want to test the **UCM Physics cooperation agents**, open the GFUCMvCooperative folder and look for the executable (wich should be found following the path GFUCMvCooperative>GeometryFriendsGame>Release>GeometryFriends.exe). You should only try the levels whose name begins with the word 'Cooperative'.
- In case you want to test the **UCM QLearning circle agent** the procedure is slightly more complex. You should open the folder GMUCMCircle and run the GeometryFriendsAgents.sln file. Once you have done that, you should also right click on GeometryFriends on top of the SolutionExplorer and click on 'Set as StartUp Project' (if it isn't already the StartUp Project).
You should also update the path of the GeometryFriends.exe file. To do so, right click on GeometryFriends again and select Options, which will open a configuration file. You should change the executable file path (something like C:\<YourFolder>\Definitive Agents\GFUCMCircle\GeometryFriendsGame\Release\GeometryFriends.exe) and the working directory (something like C:\<YourFolder>\Definitive Agents\GFUCMCircle\GeometryFriendsGame\Release).
Once you have done that, open the GameInfo.cs file and change the value of the constant PHYSICS from true to false (line 43). Do not forget to compile the solution and the UCMQLearning agents should run when running the project. Once you have tested the UCM QLearning circle agent, if you want to run the UCM Physics circle agent, you should change the variable PHYSICS to true again and recompile the solution. You can follow the analogous steps to run the other agents, but, unless you are not using Windows, we recommend you to follow the easier instructions explained above.

In case something goes wrong, the next [link](https://gaips.inesc-id.pt/geometryfriends/?page_id=801) might be useful as it contains tutorials of how to run the Geometry Friends game (we highly recommend the articles [Step by Step Installation Guide](https://gaips.inesc-id.pt/geometryfriends/?kbe_knowledgebase=getting-started)).

To show the visual debug and the **explainability system** in the cooperative agentes, you should press F1 once the game has started.
